hello to you all Julia and this is ours
New Year's special edition in which you
You see how the top is actually removed
our reviews
also you will see those people who helped
us shoot reviews and came to us in
guests also we will remember all our
competitions that we had this year
and of course you will see many more
buy all the interesting things for a child etc.
if you think we are shooting
passes easily and naturally then you
wrong in fact here happens
a lot of unsuccessful and even funny
the moments of the exact catch you stay alive
and by the way i 'm sure by the way we will be hello to all
Julia with you and today well if you are bored
how do you hear all hello plant me Julia and
today the only rule is all
your creations must be associated with buy
the only rule for a child is all
to kid
This is how it turns on from those we
got used to see since time two three 4
5 friends on the street already summer but on it about
on it and so for the first place you get
monster high doll from the lagoon series
oh and so for the first place you get
Monster high doll and today I will tell
you about the lagoon a year when you also need
speak out and today I will tell you about
lagoon blue dod ddt gadget kuppi.kg
got to pull my room your videos and
upload them to youtube on our channel
new mouse you all know what's on our
the channel runs a lot of contests and
we tirelessly invent everything for you
new contests that will be cooler and
more interesting let's remember the competition
who we had this year today with
review on gulii yelps koresh and if you
watch this video to the end and you
Learn how to call this doll pack with
You bright today tell you about the dolls
from the dance class collection howlin 'wolf
and also in this video there will be a contest
which is what we need to
win this blast and how to choose
singa tap is simple enough
toy us musical then we
also decided to make a musical
long time since we did not have the draw and the stench
by the way he's on the doll that i'm on
recently made
review today i will tell you about franky
matte 2600 I was already summer and on the street
a bunch of dull gray asphalt on which
people are watching and sad so let's
give them about likes and paint the asphalt
attach the coolest drawings
rice photograph sculpt from
plasticine we announce a competition for the most
cool fictional bird
when you draw the coolest picture
get a set of two cars sancho
we decided to offer you to play
changing clothes
or completely get used to the role of one of
characters cartoon Masha and the bear
hang up new contest friend send us
your hip hop verse this competition for
best table must roller as you know i
most recently am leading on this
channel and before that we had a lot
no less interesting leading who
now unfortunately not enough time
because they are busy with their creativity
but we are always glad for them and always waiting for
guests let's remember who we had
hello i'm egor and this toy program
advertising style
i say hello to everyone i'm taking greetings to everyone with
you miyok hello many call
doctor they call than hello my name
to with all hello doctor risk with you
hello to you all Julia and that you were
more interesting to watch us this year
invented and in the department new headings
which we will continue to develop next
year
hello yulia with you and today i will tell
you about the monster sally
Hello everyone, Julia is with you today.
I will tell you all the secrets of this strange
pet grater
buy a child tv
this year we have grown a lot and if in
this day exactly a year ago we were two
thousands of subscribers now 40
thousand subscribers and this is of course yours
thank you our dear thanks
subscribers for watching us at
Of course I want to congratulate you on
Happy New Year and New Year
wish you many many monsters
delicious vkusnyashek course
fulfillment of victories in food contests
miracles and of course belief in oneself with everything new
I wish you a great year to celebrate
and find a bunch of monsters under the Christmas tree
and see you in the new year where waiting for you
a lot of new reviews and of course
new contests
buy baby etc.